---
layout: post
title: "Hosting adventures"
date: 2022-05-22 08:00:00 -0500
categories: homelab
tags: homelab web

---

# Reseller Hosting

Lately I've been looking into renting out a server from SiteGround and doing some reseller hosting. However, I'm not sure exactly how to go about doing it. I have a VPS set up at the moment, but renting out a VPS large enough to do reseller hosting will be expensive -- to say the least. I know a large part of reseller hosting is streamlining WordPress sites, which in itself isn't difficult, though I've never done a project like this before. The passive income would be really nice though.


Come to think of it, there is always the option of making the server myself and hosting the websites on-site. With this, I'll be able to setup my own VPS, NAS, as well as website. So I'll also look into that. The likely solution would be to buy a used server from eBay or something, wouldn't it?

### UPDATE 08 May 2022:

It works! Now I don't have to rely on sdf.org or neocities.org to host this site! I can now post all of my rants through my own hardware, the only thing I couldn't do on my own was to make my own domain or use my own DNS, but overall it works great! I wonder what to do with this in the future... we'll see!

### UPDATE 11 May 2022:

Alright, slight problem. It is weirdly difficult to get SSL encryption for a site... So many regulations and whatnot and mangled garbage that is setting up DNS-based CRS keys. This has been a slight headache, and frankly speaking I don't exatly want to keep trying to do it, however, I still kinda-ish need to do it for the sake of like WebSec... What a dilemma.

### UPDATE 22 May 2022:

SSL encryption has finally been achieved for the site!!! We did it! Thanks to Certbot for it, just had to (properly) setup the configuration files for tyxton.net and it worked like a charm. I'll eventually get to working on developing a Chronjob to auto-renew the thing, but for now I'm just glad to improve the security of the site!!
