---
layout:post
title: Web-based music player
date: 2022-08-20 08:00:00 -0500
categories: web
tags: homelab web

---

# Web-Based Music!
Ok, so as it turns out setting up a mail service is not only mildly frustrating, but is also rather difficult to configure the DNS settings properly post-setup. So, before I cause myself too much extra grief, I have decided to put a temporary hold to the project and instead work on something else I'vewanted to for some time.


Now, let it be known I have very little experience in HTML and CSS, and my C++ and Python work is rusty at best, but I've been wanting to develop a web-based music player for locally stored files on the site. This would be in order to compliment /music/. At the moment I use mpd and ncmpcpp for a large majority of my music that I listen to, so I have access to a lot of internally stored music. Now, in theory I would be able to transfer the music from my laptop to the server and not only run the music files globally, but potentially use it for the site as well!


The idea initially was to link the ablum art in /music/ to a spotify link to the album, sure it works, but that's no fun! Instead what I'm aiming to do is have it linked to something like tyxton.net/music/ and then have a seperate GUI to run the music files which I'll work on at a later date. Very early on (and partially as a joke) I uploaded No Buses - Girl to the website directory. As you can tell, not only is it viewable, but you can also play it through the browser. So if I could not only get it to work with a lot of music in the same directory (/music/) then I would be able to improve the GUI for the software(?) because hosting the individual files works, yes, but its incredibly crude.

### UPDATE: 7 June 2022
So as I've learned the hard way, it seems that it is near impossible to make a music player in the web-browser without utilizing JavaScript, something I thought I would be able to avoid doing when starting the project. So I regret to admit that I will be dropping the project as I wish to keep this site JavaScript free.
